careful we don't rip it and make sure
you cut it good
don't cut cut don't pull pull pull your
rip Wow linoleum Wow
that's what we're going to that's good
okay
so anyway we're in a mobile home here in
Brunswick County North Carolina supply
area and the toilets been leaking quite
some time we've already taken out the Lu
one somebody obviously you can see where
they were placed it before and they put
this one on top of for all the luan out
getting ready to tear out what they had
done before and it's going to come out
here passed linoleum to a solid rafter
and then cross the front of that tub
right there I'm not sure Billy might in
the lake till you get around to it we're
going to get ready to cut in front of
that tub make sure the carpets not under
it oh that's where you want to take the
time mat and once we get that cut back
we'll peel the carpet back as far as we
can repair the floor and put it all back
together
or framing up the wall here frame up the
wall here this is already framed out
ready for plywood frame around the
commode to a solid that's the problem
with these commode this is what happens
people put a commode in the center of
the floor joist and every time you sit
on it it's going to have a little bit of
flex to it and it doesn't take much for
that wax ring to flatten out and next
thing you know you've got water coming
out and that's what they had so we're
gonna frame it here frame it there we'll
put a little frame there so the whole
thing is solid
frame it all around here and then screw
everything down it'll be solid won't
move again therefore it won't leak again
transition strip court around in front
of the tub this was complete besides
cleaning up a lot of cleaning up in here
to do needs the vacuum bed but here we
are stone back to solid front of the tub
solid up onto the tub solid as you see
we've made the squares and slid them up
under and screwed everything together
think we're looking really really sharp